Readme migration from common (#768)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-android: java/open-mobile-mappackage/README.md

# Open mobile map package

Display a map from a mobile map package.

![Image of open mobile map package](open-mobile-mappackage.png)

## Use case

> An .mmpk file is an archive containing the data (specifically, basemaps and features) used to display an offline map.

Author: ```suggestion
A mobile map package is an archive containing the data (specifically, basemaps and features) used to display an offline map.
```

|[Yellowstone Mobile Map Package](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=e1f3a7254cb845b09450f54937c16061)| `<sdcard>`/ArcGIS/samples/MapPackage/Yellowstone.mmpk |

> 

Author: ⬆️ fix for scoped storage
